Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
Professor Wang, have you seen through my tricks?
I think it's a device.
Oh? Tell me more.
You can set up a screen with a width of over 300,000 km
beyond the observation range of all observatories
in space 150,000 km away from the earth,
and project on the screen the universe flicker you wanted to display.
Then I can see it.
Interesting.
Similarly,
by setting up a screen with a size of less than 2 mm very close to my pupils,
you can also project the countdown in front of my eyes.
Don't you think this is all pseudoscience heresy?
Everything beyond scientific cognition is called pseudoscience heresy at the beginning, right?
It's like if I went to a primitive tribe right now, where there aren't even electric lights,
and played an open-air movie for the tribesmen,
they'll all be as shocked as I was when they see the movie.
Are you saying you're part of a primitive tribe right now?
You've done so many things just to make me think I am a turkey.
Fine.
As a turkey scientist, I really want to know which farm I belong to and who the farmer is.
Can I get the answer if I join the Frontiers of Science?
You have the right to join us.
Hello?
[A new message from: Shen Yufei]
[No. 38, Fenghangling Road. From: Shen Yufei, June 17th, 2007]
Buddha, please help my Lord break away from misery.
Wang Miao restarted his nanomaterial project.
You failed.
He's joined us.
Either way, his project hasn't stopped.
It's not your call to decide whether I've failed or not.
What?
You want him to know about Lord's world?
We all started from there, didn't we?
You are always willing to do such insignificant things.
What I do is more significant than what you do.
I hope the Lord will approve of your significance.
♫  Countdown clock ♫
♫  Hidden in the eyes ♫
♫  Deep exploration of the dreams in the dark ♫
♫  What is waiting for me at the end of this mysterious space-time ♫
♫  Don't break the hope given to the world ♫
♫  The sun, same as before, still sets every day ♫
[ Three-Body ]
[ Episode 7 ]
It broke down again.
It's a little toy made by one of my students.
Currently, it isn't mature enough.
The battery has a low storage capacity.
[ Scholar Community ]
If the battery is big, it'll take up more space.
If it's small, it can't drive a powerful motor.
I think it's somewhat useless at the moment.
Who are you here to see?
Shen Yufei.
Come with me.
The temple seems to be different from other temples.
Yes.
Other temples need pilgrims to offer money to stay afloat.
So they want more tourists.
Our temple doesn't.
There aren't many people. It's peaceful.
Most of our visitors are engaged in academic research.
Sometimes when they have problems they can't solve, they'll come here and stay for a couple of days.
The rent here is very high.
It's enough to support us.
Please.
Thanks.
Do you like soda?
They're all the same.
After entering our body, food may only be divided into absorbable and non-absorbable.
What's the difference?
You're looking for Shen Yufei?
Do you also research nanomaterials?
Yes.
That's good.
Good.
Sir, you're merciful.
A world in a grain of sand.
A bodhi in a leaf.
You just saved this civilization from destruction in floods.
You work in nanomaterials.
You should understand that, right?
Professor Han used to study particle physics in Europe and America.
After he returned to China, he's been teaching particle physics.
Let bygones be bygones.
Now, I live near the temple.
Maybe I'll become a monk someday.
I've come up with a monk name already, Daydream.
It's not like a sweet dream.
It's a nightmare.
I know.
What do you know?
When your research comes to a dead end, you'll find that
all your research was nothing but a daydream.
I'll leave you alone to talk.
Many scientists will look for other means of gratification when they reach an unbreakable bottleneck in their research.
They like to come here and ponder the problems they can't solve.
Professor Munphy's last stop was here.
So Professor Munphy's suicide had something to do with you all.
If you committed suicide after you had seen the universe flicker, does it have anything to do with me?
I only told you the truth.
I've already decided to join the Frontiers of Science.
So you can tell me now, what the farmer is?
What will happen at the end of the countdown?
Professor Wang, you seem to have gotten used to the countdown in front of your eyes.
Yes.
It always reminds me that I'm a turkey.
I was a little anxious and panicked before.
But now I'm even looking forward to knowing what will happen at the end of the countdown.
A turkey can be curious too.
What you see is a miracle.
But not everyone can accept the truth behind the miracle.
If you like,
you can personally go to the farmer's world for a look.
www.3Body.com
Compared with traditional media, new media uses digital technology,
network technology, mobile technology,
[New Media New Thinking]
the Internet, wireless communication networks,
- Excuse me.
- satellites and other channels,
as well as computers, mobile phones, digital TVs and other terminals...
I'm late.
Sit down.
Is it just starting?
Yes, it is.
According to the statistics, by December, 2006,
the number of netizens in China has reached 180 million.
In the future, it's likely to reach 500 million, even one billion.
Judging by the characteristics of new media, it affects our daily life in the following aspects...
[Impact of Environmental Pollution on Ecology]
Wait!
Sir, please wait for me!
You left something!
Hello.
Is this yours?
[Pastoral China]
Thanks.
My name is Mu Xing.
I work in independent media.
May I know your name?
Pan Han.
It really is you.
The famous biologist and environmentalist.
You created China's first experimental community, Pastoral China.
Can we talk for a bit?
- Okay.
- Thanks.
Is there any difference between Pastoral China and the "return to nature" utopian groups in the West?
The primary difference is that Pastoral China isn't located in the wilderness, but in the midst of a large city.
Your funding source is...
We have no property at all.
It's an experiment that turns urban trash into daily necessities.
Why haven't you asked the press to promote your program?
Environmental protection is for public welfare, not for show.
Miss Mu, do you listen to the weather forecast?
Yes.
Do you know when the air pollution index was added into the playlist?
It's...
When it started to affect people's lives.
Are you suggesting that the press is only needed when
environmental problems begin to affect human survival?
I'm in a hurry, Miss Mu.
Let's talk next time.
Mr. Pan, sorry to bother you.
But if I didn't find the information and return it to you, they would have been lost.
Can I borrow it?
I'll return it to you after I read it.
Give me your number.
Thanks.
- Don't lose it.
- Don't worry.
Mu Xing has been attending several academic forums lately and contacted quite a few scientists.
Today she went to a new media forum.
She left during the event and talked with a man called Pan Han for a while.
The man is a biologist engaged in environmental protection.
Environmental protection?
What did they talk about?
Nothing much.
Also Pan Han seemed unwilling to talk to her.
Keep an eye on her.
Alright.
[ Three-Body ]
Three-Body?
What's this?
It seems to be a game.
Game?
Log in. Play it.
I can't.
Why can't you play it?
The game requires a V-suit.
V-suit?
What's that?
Old Chang, we need you to pay for the expense of the game suit.
You know what, that suit is amazing.
When you log into the game, you can go up to the sky.
Take you for example. If you stamp your foot in the game, you'll leap into the sky like fireworks.
Like Superman.
Have you played it?
I heard it from others.
From who?
People from the Frontiers of Science.
They play the game?
Yeah.
So I need it for work.
Hurry, pay for it. It's just a little expensive.
You should report the expense to Finance.
If I could make them understand, would I need to come find you?
By the way, I heard from the European Combat Zone this morning,
in Northern Europe, another scientist committed suicide.
So, it's urgent.
Don't worry, Old Chang.
With this, I'll definitely pass the game.
Do you think it's as easy as playing Snake?
You and Wang Miao must try your best.
[ Chang Weisi ]
My gloves are a little tight.
So are mine.
Is this how you wear it?
Okay.
You said Shen Yufei told you the website of the game and the shop that sold the V-suits.
These things are really expensive too.
Do you think she's a saleswoman?
The development costs of games played with V-suits is beyond your imagination.
Can I wear this?
The countdown timer.
Is it electrified?
Take it off. Don't wear it.
I can't. We agreed to live and die together.
Okay, that's it. Ready.
Okay.
Be careful when you log in.
Don't worry.
After having been a cop for so many years, I've caught 29 bad guys with my bare hands,
knocked down 17 guys and shot 16 with my gun.
Enough, enough.
Don't beat people randomly when you get in the game.
How could I?
I even don't know what it's like in there.
Maybe we're all turkeys and we can only peck at each other.
Shen Yufei said it was a world of the shooter and the farmer.
Let's go.
[ Three-Body ]
Welcome to Three-Body.
Please create your own ID.
[ Hairen ]
[ Stew ]
It's cold.
Yes, very cold.
This is the Warring States Period.
I'm King Wen of Zhou.
King Wen doesn't belong to the Warring States Period, right?
He's survived until now.
King Zhou of Shang is alive, too.
I'm a follower of King Wen.
That's my log-in ID.
Follower of King Wen of Zhou.
He's a genius.
My log-in ID is Hairen.
The stuff on your back looks very heavy.
Of course.
The distance and weight here are real as in life.
Sandglass.
This is sandglass.
Every eight hours, all the sand flows to the bottom.
Flip it three times and you can measure a day.
But I often forget to flip it, and I need Follower here to remind me.
Hey.
You seem to be on a very long journey.
Is it necessary to carry such a bulky clock?
Or what?
How else would we measure time?
You can carry a portable sundial.
Or you can just look at the sun and know the approximate time.
The sun?
How can the sun tell us the time?
We're in the midst of a Chaotic Era.
Chaotic Era?
It's so cold! I'm almost frozen.
Hurry, let's go. It'll be colder if we stop.
When the sun comes out, it'll be warmer.
Are you pretending to be some kind of oracle?
Even King Wen cannot predict the future.
Do you need an oracle to predict that?
Everyone can see that the sun will rise in about another hour or two.
This is a Chaotic Era!
What is a Chaotic Era?
Other than Stable Eras, all other times are Chaotic Eras.
Is the Chaotic Era known to all?
Look at the sun.
So it's dusk instead of dawn?
It is dawn.
But the sun doesn't always rise at dawn.
That's what a Chaotic Era is like.
It looks like the sun won't rise for a long time.
What makes you think that?
There's no way to be certain.
Ji Chang, may I have some dried fish?
No.
I barely have enough for myself.
We must guarantee that I make it to Zhaoge, not you.
Look over there!
The sun is rising over there.
But the direction is different from last time.
Are we going the wrong way?
I told you it's a Chaotic Era.
Finally, it's getting warmer.
But why is the sun bluish in color?
Why did it set so soon?
These branches.
We can use some as firewood.
Hurry, hurry up.
You know what? I hate lighting a fire the most.
Guys, do you know a man called Wang Miao?
Wang Miao?
I don't know him.
Why don't you join us?
Aren't you cold? Warm yourself by the fire.
It really is cold.
If we... burn some of the dehydrated bodies, we'll get an even warmer fire going.
Nonsense! Only the tyrant King Zhou would do that!
The dehydrated bodies are scattered about everywhere.
They've been torn, and won't be revivable even if they're rehydrated.
If your theory really works, we can even eat some, let alone burn a few of them.
How can a few lives compare to the importance of your theory?
No way.
No way!
We're scholars!
It's finally burnt out.
Let's continue our journey.
Who do you follow?
Follow?
Let me put it this way.
What do you research?
Are you a newcomer?
Yeah, I'm a rookie.
We follow King Zhou and we're going to Zhaoge.
Do you want to join us?
Be an accessory to a tyrant?
Forget it. Zhaoge is too far.
I still have to find my friend.
Where is Miao?
No, no.
We'll have enough today.
We've flipped the sandglass six times already.
It's been two days.
In these two days, the sun never rose once,
not even a hint of dawn over the horizon.
It seems that the sun will never rise again.
I told you not to pretend to be an oracle.
This is a Chaotic Era!
The sun is rising over there!
Look!
It looks like a normal sun!
I'm warning you! Don't pretend to be an oracle!
It's finally getting warm.
Oh, no!
What should we do?
Find shade quickly!
What's wrong?
Hurry. Hurry.
Traveling during a Chaotic Era is like walking through hell.
I can't stand it anymore.
I can't.
Then you should be dehydrated.
Okay.
Wait.
You won't abandon me, will you?
Don't worry.
I promise to bring you to Zhaoge.
Okay.
Dehydrate me.
What's happening to him?
Is he dead?
No.
After dehydrating, he only needs to be soaked in water to recover.
It's just like soaking dried mushrooms.
Even his bones have turned soft?
Yes.
They've turned into dried fibers.
This makes him easy to carry.
In this world, can everyone be dehydrated?
Of course. You can, too.
Otherwise we couldn't survive the Chaotic Eras.
You carry him.
Oh, no!
My friend.
No, wait.
I have to go find him.
If a turkey doesn't drink water, will it die of thirst?
If you can't stand it, you can choose to be dehydrated.
Dehydrated?
How does one dehydrate?
You only have to say
these two words.
[Dehydrate me]
This is the password.
Is this some kind of trap?
What do you get if I say dehydrate me?
I, I...
What are you doing?
Who are you?
Give him back to me.
He's my friend!
Give him back to me!
Don't you know he's already dehydrated?
The only way he contributes to this civilization is to be our food or firewood.
You're being completely unreasonable!
Give him back to me!
- Give him back!
- Wang Miao. Wang Miao!
Give him back to me!
You don't understand the truth of this world.
Wang Miao, hang in there.
I'll log in right now. Hang in there.
Wait a minute.
In order to achieve our goals,
[Game Over]
this is nothing.
How is your friend?
He was dehydrated and taken by some guys.
What will happen to him?
It's normal.
He can't adapt to this world.
Let's head off.
I can finally have water.
How long has it been?
About a month.
It's either extremely hot or extremely cold.
The Chaotic Era is killing me.
Flying stars.
Two flying stars!
We saw them yesterday too.
They look bigger than ordinary stars.
Yes.
They show up as disks.
They move through the sky quickly enough for the naked eye to detect the motion.
But it's different this time!
How come?
This time there are two of them.
Two flying stars!
A Stable Era is about to begin!
Is two the most we'll see at once?
No. Sometimes three will appear, but no more than that.
If three flying stars appear, does that herald an even better era?
What are you talking about?
Three flying stars?
Pray that such a thing never happens.
It hasn't been this pleasant in a long time.
How long does this Stable Era last?
A day or a century.
No one can predict it.
According to historical records, the Western Zhou Dynasty experienced a Stable Era lasting two centuries.
How lucky to be born during such a time!
What about a Chaotic Era?
How long does that last?
I already told you.
Other than Stable Eras, all other times belong to Chaotic Eras.
Each of them takes up the time not occupied by the other.
This is a world in which there are no patterns.
That's right.
Civilization here can only develop in the mild climate of Stable Eras.
Most of the time, humankind must collectively dehydrate and be stored.
When a long Stable Era arrives, they collectively revive through rehydration.
Then they proceed to build and produce.
How can we predict the arrival and duration of each Stable Era?
You can't.
Nobody can do it.
Whenever a Stable Era arrives,
the King makes a decision based on intuition as to whether to engage in mass rehydration.
Often, the people are revived,
crops are planted, cities begin construction, life has just started,
and then the Stable Era ends.
Extreme cold and heat then destroy everything.
Congratulations.
Now you know the goal of this game.
It's to use our intellect and understanding
to analyze all phenomena until we can understand the pattern of the sun's movement.
The survival of civilization depends on it.
Based on my observations, there is no pattern to the sun's movement at all.
That's because you don't understand the fundamental nature of the world yet.
And you do?
Yes!
I'm headed to Zhaoge to present King Zhou with an accurate calendar.
How long before we get to Zhaoge?
Soon. We'll be there soon.
Do you hear something?
That's the sound of the pendulums.
We've arrived in Zhaoge.
Those are the pendulums.
The sight of them suggests the end of our journey.
Help!
Hurry up!
There's a pyramid in Zhaoge?
Yes.
In order to survive during a Chaotic Era,
one must live in thick-walled buildings like this one,
as though one were living underground.
It's the only way to avoid the extreme heat and cold.
My king.
My beloved deputy, as you were.
This is Fu Xi.
Apparently he has his own theory.
Yes. He thinks that the sun is a temperamental god.
When the god is awake, his moods are unpredictable, and thus we have a Chaotic Era.
But when he's asleep, his breathing evens out, and thus we have a Stable Era.
Fu Xi suggested that I build those pendulums out there and keep them in constant motion.
He claims that the pendulums can have a hypnotic effect on the sun god
and cause him to sink into a long slumber.
I've never heard of anyone who could hypnotize the sun before.
It doesn't seem useful though.
That's right.
So far, the sun god remains awake,
though from time to time he naps briefly.
What is he going to do?
Go to hell!
Foolish witchcraft.
What have you learned about the sun?
My king, the sun is not a god.
The sun is yang, and the night is yin.
The world proceeds on the balance between yin and yang.
Though we can't control it, we can predict it.
If you can predict it, you'll be the hero of the world.
But many people who have claimed to be able to predict it ended up in the bronze cauldron.
My king,
this is the code of the universe.
With it, I can present your dynasty
with an accurate calendar!
Ji Chang,
I'm eager to know when the next long Stable Era will come.
I will forecast it for you right now.
Next will be a Chaotic Era lasting 41 days.
Then comes a five-day Stable Era.
Thereafter, there will be a 23-day Chaotic Era
followed by an 18-day Stable Era.
Then we'll have an eight-day Chaotic Era.
But when this Chaotic Era is over,
my king, the long Stable Era you've been waiting for will begin.
That Stable Era will last three years and nine months.
The climate will be so mild that it will be a golden age.
King Zhou doesn't seem to be
that excited about the accurate prediction.
We have to verify your predictions first.
Report!
My king, all the initial predictions have been verified.
Ji Chang, I shall erect a monument for you,
one even greater than this palace!
My king, awaken your dynasty and let it prosper!
Rehydrate!
My foot!
My finger!
How long have we been dehydrated?
If they weren't rehydrated in time,
they would all have been eaten by the Chaotic Era rats.
Enjoy the beautiful Stable Era!
You're the lucky ones!
Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest🌲Team@ Viki.com
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
[ Three-Body ]